I love these summer dresses! They are so comfortable. I wasn't sure what size to buy, so I bought both xl and xxl. I have a 44" bust(42D bra), a 40" waist and a 43" hip. The tan/beige dress in the pictures is the xl. I will post the xxl, when I get some shots of it. I wear them with a shrug, to hide my bag wing arms. Because I am fuller busted, there's a gap at the armhole, where you can see my bra. I will probably fix it with a dart, but since I always wear shrugs with the dresses, I don't really need to. The full pics were taken outside, right before sunset. The close ups were taken with inside lighting and are to show you the fabric construction, not the colors.


LOVE these dresses.  I'm ordering my 4th now.  The fabric is really nice,  almost a light pique, and launders nicely on gentle,  hung to dry... comes out almost completely dry.  They are well-made for the price.  I've bought and returned the same style from both Herou and Acevog (sp?) for being a little off-center and ill-fitting at the neckline for the two I bought.  The Tom'swear are much better quality, with nicer fabric, imo.


I'm 5'2" and when I first bought the Large, I weighed 170 lbs.  It was a tad snug, but still fit... I felt more comfortable with light shapeware underneath until I lost about 10 pounds and my belly didn't stick out as much (I'm bottom heavy and small chested).  I've lost 12 pounds,  and they fit great now, with no "help."


I bought this for my 12y/odaughter for my best friend's bridal shower. It fit her beautifully and went well for the guarden tea party theme!


Love this dress. I really like the soft fabric. I am 5'6, 140 lbs and Medium size was perfect on me. I am considering buying another color.


i've had this for about a year - actually, i loved it so much i bought about 5 different colors. i wore them A Lot this year, only washed them in cold water, air dried them, and they are pilling like crazy, so they look kind of decrepit. i expect more than that.  the worst effect is on the navy blue one. they are super comfortable and were basically my work uniform, so i'm not really sorry i bought them because i got a lot of great use out of them, but after about a year i'm going to have to say sayonara to a few of them.  i did get great compliments on them and loved the thought/hassle free process of just putting this on and going out. and they are very comfortable and lightweight. very cheery, feminine colors. so far the mint green and pink are not showing the pilling like the darker colors are.  i usually wear a L but for this ordered an XL and it fit just fine.


Nothing but good things to say about this dress..it is absolutely perfect! The floral pattern is beautiful and the material is very good quality. Not very see through but I wouldn't wear a black bra or undies with this. I wear camis under everything to smooth everything out anyways. I want this dress in every print, you can't beat the price for this high quality! Washes well, hang dry. After using fabric softener on this already soft dress it feels like a dream. Perfect length. I got this for a wedding in April but will wear this all the time, can be dressed down with sandals or even converse sneakers! For reference I am 5'2, 165lbs, and a size 10-12. The large is beautiful on me! Very happy customer!


Amazing!!  I'm about 170, 5'4", and 38DD.  This is a large on me.  It is not thin and well made.  I love this dress so much that I am posting my first Amazon pics because people Ned to know.  I just wish they were not all florals or I would buy more!!


I'm 5'3 and I have a 40DDD bra size. I ordered 2XL. I was worried this dress would be too snug around the breast area, but it fit perfectly! Very flattering to me and it stops a few inches above my knee. Very happy! I plan on buying all the colors!!


I was really excited to buy this dress, and it didn't disappoint! I liked it so much that I bought a second one with different colors shortly after receiving the first.


The dress is very cute and a lot higher quality than I was expecting. I bought the navy one with the bright, pink flowers first and noticed the colors are a bit more vibrant than in the picture. The material is actually soft and slightly thick. I love it because it doesn't wrinkle (!!!) or cling to every bulge on your body. The bottom half of the dress has just enough stretch and flow to it, and the length hits perfectly just above the knee. It never feels too short. The top half of the dress is noticeably tighter than the bottom, but this may be partly due to my large chest size. It's just enough that it's not uncomfortable.


I'm really happy with this purchase, and I've gotten loads of compliments on it. I love that I can wear this dress with a cardigan to work, casually, and even dress it up for some nicer events. Very versatile!


So here's my measurements to hopefully help out anyone else looking for help in the reviews. :P


Height: 5'2


Bust: 38C


Waist: 38"


Weight: ~175


Usually wears men's M for shirts, and a size 14 pants.


**I ordered this dress in a size XL.**


So i was a little skeptical about ordering dresses from Amazon after seeing lots of different brands have poor reviews for quality/sizing. But I decided to give it a go anyway.


I put the dress in, and it fits me PERFECTLY. Which is a big deal since my measurements aren't the most online retailer friendly in my experience.


Straps aren't too long, top hits my waist & doesn't make me feel like a sausage, and the skirt portion doesn't cling & flows away from my tummy and is extremely flattering. The fabric isn't see-through at all and is not scratchy or cheap feeling. I don't expect this to fall apart in the wash.


I'm definitely getting more of these in different colors. My s/o saw me wearing this and couldn't stop commenting on how cute I looked in it. :)


