Very nice for the price. It's SO comfortable. But because it's a stretch to fit you should make sure you buy your true to size, size. I normally wear a size 8 and feel more comfortable in a 10. I bought the XL and it was WAY too big!  The medium would have been perfect. I gave the XL to a friend as a gift and she loved it!!!


I am long waisted and this simply would not fit right. Size-wise, I'm dropping from a standard U.S. pants size of 16 downward. I have broad shoulders and wear a C/C+ cup. The XXL size (NOT the same as "size 2X"!) fit me well in the arms and shoulders, was snug in the chest and enhanced nothing. Loved the sleeve length! The gown length was perfect. and would have "broken" across the vamp or arch of my shoes. But I never made it that far. The waist and hips [curves screw up everything when it comes to fitting clothes!] were impossible. The ribbon that looks like it should hit right below the ribs hit me 2 inches before the bottom of my ribs. Which meant that the little sexy hip/and booty ribbon pointed right to my belly button, bunched up in the back, and the ribbon went across the middle of my rounded backside. Unflattering! Could I scoot it down? Yes, but this is going to ride right up again. Static-y mess, as if they folded it on a plastic table before shipping. I believe this would warm up and slightly relax once you start wearing it, but 2 inches is too much to hope for and this baby is going back. Glad I bought it well in advance of my occasion to check it out ahead of time. OH! And get your embroidery scissors out!! This is *covered* top-to-bottom in loose threads and Irish pennants. Check under arms and along the hem. If I would have kept it, I would have washed it before wearing,in cold. Glad so many ladies had this work out for them. I could absolutely wear this style with the same success.if it had a longer waist.


I wore this to a company Christmas party as a trial-run before my daughter's wedding. Nearly everyone I spoke to commented on how beautiful my dress was. It was super comfy, and I didn't have any trouble with it at all. I did take other reviewer's advice and literally sprayed the entire dress (inside and out) with Static Guard before I even put it on. In trying it on when it first arrived, the static cling was evident. I didn't mind that my 4" heels made the dress seem a bit shorter (I'm 5'7") but that just meant my awesome shoes were seen. Love love love this dress. In fact, purchased another similar dress from this vendor and it arrived today. It's equally as pretty... will have to see if it fits as good.


.Perfect fit. XL ordered. I love how comfortable the lace is. Very soft and stretchable. I am size 14 depending on brand and chest size 38D. Love this dress! It is so pretty on. I bought this dress because of the price and I am so happy I did! I added crystals to the sewn in belt and it just took this dress to an other level of elegance! If you are looking for a dress to make you feel beautiful but keep you on budget, I suggest you buy this dress!


Just received my dress (in black) and love it! I'm 5'4, 120 lbs and ordered a small. Fits perfectly. Will be great for my holiday party because the lining underneath and longer sleeves - Will help keep me warm. You need to know it's a pull on dress though. Has to go over your head. Ideally it would zip up the back or the side, but it doesn't. Also, if you've got tummy pooch of any kind, you'll need a slimmer of some kind underneath. The control top of pantyhose would be perfect for tummy support with this dress. If you're thinking about it - just do it! It's fantastic. Totally classy!


I wore this to an evening wedding at an exclusive city club.  It arrived it a bag the day before and didn't need to be pressed.  The dress, combined with pair of Spanx underneath, looked wonderful and was extremely comfortable.  I received compliments all night long saying what a "knockout" it was...it definitely held its own against several Rent-A-Runway gowns that night.


The best part was being able to ball it up into my overnight bag the next morning without worries!


Bought this dress for a wedding.  I am a 16 top/18 bottom and I ordered the size 2XL.  The dress fit and looked pleasant.  I can tell it's really made well.  It's also nice for us shorter ladies (I'm 5'5" and the bottom of the dress was right at my ankles.  No hemming needed.)  The dress was also comfortable.  It's not completely stretchy, but it stretches enough where you can breathe (ha).  My only issue with it is that being pear shape, it fit perfectly on the top, but was a little clingy on the waist and hips.  Nothing major that made me look awful.  I just like a little more room since I tend to gain water weight during the day.  Otherwise, this is a beautiful dress.  Highly recommend!


Great deal. I ordered the black and the blue one. Their quality differed a bit (the lace in the neckline of the blue one was not very nice and it didn't had a zipper) which suggests that the dresses might differ between batches (or the black and blue ones are different).


Overall I really like the black dress. The fabric stretches which ensure that the dress is comfortable at every moment of the day. I can imagine that people with different measurements will fit the same size dress. For me (5ft4 and 116lbs) the dress isn't completely figure hugging around the waist, but I am  OK with that. As mentioned by others: the waistline is higher than suggested in the picture (even on my short figure of 5ft 4)


